hey guys Connor came here today I'm
going to be doing a benchmark of
Minecraft on GTX 780 I put all my specs
on description and 780 for the wind
it's taking long to make a world because
according FPS while recording I'm
getting like 150 that's like spikes it's
rendering up the world GI just hold on
okay so I'm gonna like 100 and still
have a little like spikes but right now
I'm getting like 100 the 100 because I
was out recording I'd usually get 250 to
300 probably around there all right -
quick TNT test and then I got on the
video so I want to write on upload it
really fast and say T and T that's
yeah that handles pretty good if you
want the texture pack I'll put the link
in the description if we get two likes
concerns will be my first video we get
two likes off with the description I
mean not the description the link to a
texture pack yeah I'll put one of the
factions servers I play which is my main
server and yeah I'll see you guys later
this is kind of gaming signing out don't
forget to comment subscribe I'll see you
guys later peace